Abandon,To cast or drive out; to banish; to expel; to reject.
Aberration,"The act of wandering; deviation, especially from truth or moral rectitude, from the natural state, or from a type."
Align,To adjust or form to a line; to range or form in line; to bring into line; to aline.
Alive,"In a state of action; in force or operation; unextinguished; unexpired; existent; as, to keep the fire alive; to keep the affections alive."
Allure,"To attempt to draw; to tempt by a lure or bait, that is, by the offer of some good, real or apparent; to invite by something flattering or acceptable; to entice; to attract."
Alter,"To make otherwise; to change in some respect, either partially or wholly; to vary; to modify."
Babble,To utter words indistinctly or unintelligibly; to utter inarticulate sounds; as a child babbles.
Babe,An infant; a young child of either sex; a baby.
Bachelor,A man of any age who has not been married.
Back,"A large shallow vat; a cistern, tub, or trough, used by brewers, distillers, dyers, picklers, gluemakers, and others, for mixing or cooling wort, holding water, hot glue, etc."
Backbiting,Secret slander; detraction.
Backboard,A board which supports the back wen one is sitting;
Cabin,"To confine in, or as in, a cabin."
Cabinet,A hut; a cottage; a small house.
Cabiric,"Of or pertaining to the Cabiri, or to their mystical worship."
Cable,"A large, strong rope or chain, of considerable length, used to retain a vessel at anchor, and for other purposes. It is made of hemp, of steel wire, or of iron links."
Caboose,"A house on deck, where the cooking is done; -- commonly called the galley."
Each,Every; -- sometimes used interchangeably with every.
Eachwhere,Everywhere.
Eadish,See Eddish.
Eager,Sharp; sour; acid.
Eagerness,The state or quality of being eager; ardent desire.
Facetious,"Given to wit and good humor; merry; sportive; jocular; as, a facetious companion."
Facial,"Of or pertaining to the face; as, the facial artery, vein, or nerve."
Faciend,"The multiplicand. See Facient, 2."
Facient,"One who does anything, good or bad; a doer; an agent."
Fair,"Free from spots, specks, dirt, or imperfection; unblemished; clean; pure."
Gainable,Capable of being obtained or reached.
Galea,"The anterior, outer process of the second joint of the maxillae in certain insects."
Gain,"To get, as profit or advantage; to obtain or acquire by effort or labor; as, to gain a good living."
Hang,A sharp or steep declivity or slope.
Hangbird,The Baltimore oriole (Icterus galbula); -- so called because its nest is suspended from the limb of a tree. See Baltimore oriole.
Hang-bies,of Hang-by
Hang-by,A dependent; a hanger-on; -- so called in contempt.
Hangdog,"A base, degraded person; a sneak; a gallows bird."
Judiciousness,The quality or state of being judicious; sagacity; sound judgment.
Jug,"A vessel, usually of coarse earthenware, with a swelling belly and narrow mouth, and having a handle on one side."
Jumblement,Confused mixture.
Jumbler,One who confuses things.
Jumblingly,In a confused manner.
Ketch,To catch.
Ketchup,A sauce. See Catchup.
Ketine,One of a series of organic bases obtained by the reduction of certain isonitroso compounds of the ketones. In general they are unstable oily substances having a pungent aromatic odor.
Khan,An Eastern inn or caravansary.
Khanate,Dominion or jurisdiction of a khan.
Labiated,"Same as Labiate, a. (a)."
Labiatifloral,Alt. of Labiatifloral
Laborant,A chemist.
Laboratories,of Laboratory
Laboratory,"The workroom of a chemist; also, a place devoted to experiments in any branch of natural science; as, a chemical, physical, or biological laboratory. Hence, by extension, a place where something is prepared, or some operation is performed; as, the liver is the laboratory of the bile."
